Relax health check client check to fix 8589 (#8598)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/user-guide/administration/configuration/redis.md

The [`CACHES`](../configuration/settings.md#caches) setting is used to, among other things, configure Django's built-in caching and the `django-redis` extension to appropriately use Redis.

> In the event you need to create a customized `django-redis` client, the following settings can be changed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the event you need to use a customized `django-redis` client, the following settings (under `CACHES["default"]["OPTIONS"]`) can be changed:
```
